# [QCon NY](https://qconnewyork.com)
## July 25-29


QCon New York returns to Times Square’s Marriott Marquis June 25 - 29, 2018.

The 7th annual software conference designed for senior thought leaders in software provides a unique experience for engineering teams to learn from innovator and early adopter companies. These are lessons you can bring directly home to your teams. Organized by the people behind InfoQ, QCon is dedicated to providing a platform for innovators and early adopters to share their stories and insights in hotbeds of software development like Beijing, London, New York, Sao Paulo, Shanghai, and San Francisco.

Last week, the QCon New York Program Committee (which includes CTOs / leaders / engineers from leading software shops around the world) met and finalized the 2018 tracks. As is the case with previous QCons, each of the 15 tracks are individually curated vertical conferences dedicated to exploring a timely, modern software topic. The tracks are the trends to watch in software today.

# TRACKS:  The QCon NY '18 tracks are:

Architectures You've Always Wondered About: Next-gen architectures from the most admired companies in software, such as Netflix, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Goldman Sachs
Disaster Stories & Architecting for Failure: Lessons building resilient systems and the war stories that drove their adoption
Modern Java Reloaded: Modern, modular, fast, and effective Java. Pushing the boundaries of JDK 9 and beyond
Practical Machine Learning: Applied machine learning lessons for SWEs, including tech around TensorFlow, TPUs, Keras, Caffe, & more Container Orchestration Platforms/Runtimes: Runtime containers, libraries, and services that power microservices
The Serverless Sweetspot: Practical Serverless / FaaS Guidance: where it's being used, beyond the hype; includes Lambda, Cloud Functions, & Azure Functions

Microservices: Patterns & Practices: Evolving, observing, persisting, and building modern microservices
Productive Cyber Security: Building secure systems: practical lesson building, maintaining, and deploying secure systems
Blockchain Enabled: Exploring smart contracts, oracles, sidechains, and what can/cannot be done with blockchain today
21st Century Languages: Lessons learned from languages like Rust, Go-lang, Swift, Kotlin, Python, and more
Modern CS in the Real World: Thoughts pushing software forward, including consensus, CRDTs, formal methods, & probabilistic programming
Modern User Interfaces: Screens and Beyond: Zero UI, voice, mobile: interfaces pushing the boundary of what we consider to be the interface

Privacy & Ethics in Tech: Inclusive technology, ethics and politics of technology; considering bias; societal relationship with tech; privacy problems we have today (e.g., GDPR, right to be forgotten)
Empowered Teams: Safely running inclusive teams that are autonomous and self-correcting
Developer Experience: Level up Your Engineering Effectiveness: Improving the end to end developer experience (design, dev, test, deploy, operate/understand); tools, techniques, and trends
Each QCon is individually organized by an expert committee of senior software leaders across technology. These architects and leaders are charged with creating THE conference that they themselves would want to attend and send their teams to.

New to the program committee this year is Courtney Hemphill. Hemphill is Partner & Technical Lead for Carbon Five. Carbon Five is a development consultancy and has clients that include Square, Disney, Charles Schwab, and Stitch Fix. Hemphill is a New Yorker who moved from the Bay Area a few years ago. She is a full stack developer with a solid JavaScript development background (here's her 97% green QConNYC '16 Algorithms for Animation talk). She is also a contributor to Women Who Code.

Returning to the committee from QCon NY 2017 are Jean Barmash (Director of Engineering @Compass & Organizer @CTOSchool Meetup), Frank Greco (Senior Consultant at Crossroads Technologies), Rob Witoff (Infrastructure & Security @Google), Philip Fisher-Ogden (Director of Engineering @Netflix), Werner Schuster (Software Engineer @Wolfram), and Wesley Reisz (Principal Advisor C4Media).

As practitioners, we recognize the importance of peer sharing and connecting at software events, so at QCon we focus on:

25 minute long breaks between sessions to allow you to connect with other software leaders
Peer sharing events to grow your personal network of software leaders
Open Spaces to surface common questions in topical areas like architecture, recommendation engines, and microservices
Attendee / Speaker Ratio of approximately 12 to 1, for the most access to top engineering talent available
Merge each of these with practitioners who understand what it really means for a software developer to take time away from the office to attend a conference, and you have QCon: Personally curated practitioner talks by software developers/architects FOR software developers/architects on early adopter/early majority trends that YOU want to learn about.

## Registration 
is $1,975 ($860 off) for the 3-day conference if you register before Feb 10th

Sincerely,
The QCon team
