# OSCON 2018
## July 16-19 in Portland, OR

## CFP
This is the 20th anniversary of OSCON.   
The deadline for submissions is **January 30, 2018.**

Experience open source as a catalyst for transformation at OSCON, the only event focused on the depth and breadth of software as a driving force in business and society. OSCON explores languages, tools, and practices that organizations today need to stay innovative and competitive. If you’ve got ideas, experience, or lessons learned, O'Reilly wants to hear from you. Deadline for CFP is January 30, 2018. 

Groundbreaking and emerging open source projects—from blockchain to machine learning frameworks—will be at the center of OSCON 2018. They're examining these topics as a means to solve critical real-world problems: 
* Blockchain beyond Bitcoin
* Artificial intelligence
* Emerging languages such as Kotlin, Go, Elm
* Live coding: Python, R, Java, and C# using Jupyter Notebook

Software methodologies, from ideation to deployment

Cloud strategies and implementation

Evolutionary architecture

Distributed computing, from industrial to commercial

Edge computing

Open source in enterprise case studies

SMACK stack: Spark, Mesos, Akka, Cassandra, and Kafka


This year marks OSCON's 20th anniversary, making it the longest-running conference with open source as its central focus. O'Reilly is thrilled to be returning to Portland (July 16-19). Don’t miss it.
http://www.oreilly.com/pub/cpc/113909
Tweets

The CFP for #OSCON Portland is now open! 
http://oreil.ly/2AAemAX
