# Scipy 2018 - Scientific Computing with Python conference

## Website
Conference Website: https://scipy2018.scipy.org/ehome/299527/648104/
Submission Website: https://scipy2018.scipy.org/ehome/299527/493400//

## About
SciPy 2018, the 17th annual Scientific Computing with Python conference, will be held July 9-15 in Austin, Texas. The annual SciPy Conference brings together over 700 participants from industry, academia, and government to showcase their latest projects, learn from skilled users and developers, and collaborate on code development. The Proceedings of the Python in Science Conference, the journal covering SciPy submissions, is also available to publish submissions from academic contributors. The call for abstracts for SciPy 2018 for talks, posters, and tutorials is now open. 

## Talks & Posters (July 11-13, 2018)*

In addition to general talks, there are specific tracks which include: 

• Data Visualization
• Reproducibility and Software Sustainability
• Astronomy
• Biology and Bioinformatics
• Data Science
• Earth, Ocean and Geoscience
• Image Processing
• Language Interoperability
• Library Science and Digital Humanities
• Machine Learning
• Materials Science
• Political and Social Sciences
• SciPy Tools plenary session

## Tutorials (July 9-10, 2018)*

Tutorials should be focused on covering a well-defined topic in a hands-on manner. We are looking for awesome techniques or packages, helping new or advanced python programmers develop better or faster scientific applications. We encourage submissions to be designed to allow at least 50% of the time for hands-on exercises, even if this means the subject matter needs to be limited. Tutorials will be 4 hours in duration. In your tutorial application, you can indicate what prerequisite skills and knowledge will be needed for your tutorial, and the approximate expected level of knowledge of your students (i.e. beginner, intermediate, advanced). Instructors of accepted tutorials will receive a stipend. 

For Examples of content and format, you can refer to tutorials from past SciPy tutorial sessions (SciPy2017, SciPy2016)

## Important Dates
- February 9, 2018    Submission deadline
- March 20, 2018    Tutorial presenters notified of acceptance
- April 2, 2018        Conference speakers and poster presenters notified of acceptance
- May 14, 2018        First draft of Proceedings Due
- July 9-10, 2018    SciPy 2018 Tutorials
- July 11-13, 2018    SciPy 2018 Conference
- July 14-15, 2018    SciPy 2018 Sprints (edited)

